Docs: improve cache discussion and documentation (#1117)
sherpa/sherpa: docs/evaluation/cache.rst

Caching model evaluations
=========================

Sherpa contains a rudimentary system for cacheing the results
of 1D model evaluations in order to speed up the time to evaluate
models, at the expense of using more memory.
The :py:func:`~sherpa.models.model.modelCacher1d`
function decorator is applied to the
:py:meth:`~sherpa.models.model.ArithmeticModel.calc` method of
:py:class:`~sherpa.models.model.ArithmeticModel` models, and this then
uses the parameter values, evaluation grid, and integrate setting to

> look for a value from the models cache. If found the value is returned,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
look for a value from that model's cache. If found the value is returned,
```

otherwise the model is evaluated and the result is cached.

Unfortunately it is not always obvious if a model uses caching, or how
effective it is.

What models are cached?
=======================

There is unfortunately no easy way to determine whether a model
uses the cache without either viewing the model definition - looking
for the application of ``@modelCacher1d`` to the ``calc`` method - or
by running a test as shown below,
:ref:`in the example section <example-modelcacher1d>`.

When is the cache useful?
=========================

At present most 1D models use the cache by default when evaluated
normally, but not during a fit. It is intended to improve fit
performance - that is, reduce the time taken to fit a dataset - but

> there has been limited effort to evaluate it's efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there has been limited effort to evaluate its efficiency.
```
